FINAL VERSION README: To run the code, put it into a program that can run python, my recommendation is Visual studio code, then you need to install PyQt5 by typing "pip install PyQt5" and "pip install PyQt5 tools" into either the terminal or even your own computer console. Then you will be able to play, select the grid, time and start playing, try get high scores and then try to beat them. When you are done playing, make sure to check your files (usually the directory where the python file was installed) then you will find 'score.txt' and it will keep track of all your scores. If you want to remove some scores, or wipe the scores, you can always edit the txt file or just delete it and run the game again so it can create another file. Make sure to have fun with this build of the game!


1.ALPHA README: To run the code, put it into a program that can run python, make sure you have PyQt5 installed onto your device, which you can easily do by writing in your console, from the program or your computer "pip install PyQt5" and "pip install PyQt5 tools" and after it has installed you will be able to run the window. Select a time between 15 and 60 seconds then have fun! click the buttons with a little mole (bear) on it and you will get more points! try challenge yourself, beat previous scores. Final Version will have more features that will add to challenge and give some quality of life.


(0.1 Beta Read.me): To run the code, copy and paste it into a program that runs python (.py) code e.g Visual Studio, run it and select a time between 15 and 60 seconds. It's barebones. However it is the beta, and the first stepping stone for this code. More will be added in the future.
